README.md, before:

# pentest_scripts
Scripts to automate my work. As I don't have much experience, subject to improving.

## Penetration Testing Toolbox

This repository contains a collection of Python scripts for penetration testing purposes. Each script is designed to perform specific tasks related to penetration testing, such as scanning, enumeration, exploiting vulnerabilities, and conducting forensic analysis.

## Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Scripts](#scripts)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## Installation

To use the scripts in this repository, follow these steps:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/Securella/pentest_scripts/
cd pentest_scripts
# Install any dependencies required by individual scripts.
```

## Usage

Each script in the repository has its own usage instructions. Refer to the individual script sections below for details on how to use them.

## Scripts

### Port Scanner

**Description:** Script for scanning open ports on a target URL or IP. 

**Usage:**

```bash
# Install dependencies required:
pip install pyfiglet
python port_scanner.py
```
Pay attention! Only predefined common ports are used. If you want to scan more, change the line with ports to ```ports = range(1, 65535) ``` but it will take much longer time!

### Subdomain Enumeration

**Description:** Script that uses a list of potential subdomains and prepends them to the domain name provided via command-line argument. The script then tries to connect to the subdomains and assumes the ones that accept the connection exist.

**Usage:**

```bash
# Install dependencies required:
pip install requests
pip install tabulate
# Use any wordlist of your choice or a given one in this repo: wordlist2.txt(source: https:/tryhackme.com)
# Troubleshooting import issue on a Mac:
/opt/homebrew/bin/python3 -m pip install requests
```

### Directory Enumeration

**Description:** Script that performs directory enumeration on a target website by checking a list of directories using a wordlist. Concurrent threading is used which rotates through different User-Agent strings to mimic traffic from various web browsers. The script will print valid directories if found.

**Usage:**

```bash
# Install dependencies required:
pip install requests fake_useragent
# Run the script with the following command:
python3 directory_enumeration.py <url> <path_to_wordlist> <method>
# Methods can be: GET HEAD POST PUT DELETE
```

### File Downloader

**Description:** This script allows you to download files from any given URL. 

It utilizes the `requests` library to send HTTP GET requests and retrieve the content from the provided URL. 

The downloaded file is saved to the current directory.

**Usage:**

```bash
# Run the script with the following command:
python file_downloader.py <url>
```

### Network Scanner

**Description:** Script for scanning devices on a network.

**Usage:**

```bash
# Install dependencies required:
pip install requests
pip install
pip scapy
pip netifaces
# Run the script with the following command:
python network_scanning.py <interface> <ip_range>
```

### Hash Cracker

**Description:** This script cracks hashed data using hash algorithms. Use a wordlist file containing potential passwords of your choice.

Supported Hash Algorithms: MD5, SHA256, SHA512

**Usage:**

```bash
# Run the script with the following command:
python hash_cracker.py <wordlist_file> <hash_to_crack> <hash_algorithm>
```

### Keylogger

**Description:** This script captures keystrokes until the ENTER key is pressed and saves them to a file keylog.txt.

**Usage:**

```bash
# Install dependencies required:
pip install keyboard

# Run the script with the following command:
python keylogger.py
```

### Latest CVEs Fetch

**Description:** This script fetches Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures (CVEs) by a provided keyword. 

It uses API (https://cve.circl.lu/). 
If CVEs matching the keyword are found, it prints out their IDs and descriptions. 

If no matches are found, it displays the latest CVEs published.

**Usage:**

```bash
# Run the script with the following command:
python cve_search.py <keyword>
```

**Example Usage**
```bash
# Search for CVEs connected to the keyword "NFC"
python cve_search.py NFC
```

### Vulnerability Scanner

**Description:** Integration with Nmap for vulnerability scanning.

**Usage:**

```bash
python vulnerability_scanner.py <target_ip>
```

### Exploit Framework

**Description:** Framework with modules for various types of exploits.

**Usage:**

```bash
python exploit_framework.py
```

... (continue with descriptions for other scripts)

## Python Packages Used

The following Python packages were used in the scripts:

- `requests`: Used for sending HTTP requests to download files from URLs.
- `pyfiglet`: Used for generating ASCII art text.
- `tabulate`: Used for pretty-printing tabular data.
- `fake_useragent`: Used for generating random User-Agent strings in the directory enumeration script.
- `scapy`: Used for network scanning in the network scanner script.
- `netifaces`: Used for retrieving network interface information in the network scanner script.
- `hashlib`: library for hash algorithms.

## Contributing

Contributions to this project are not available at this point since it is an individual toolbox. However, if you have ideas for extra scripts or improvements to existing ones, feel free to open an issue or submit a pull request.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the LICENSE file for details.

Commit message:

Added report_generator to README.md

README.md, after:

# pentest_scripts
Scripts to automate my work. As I don't have much experience, subject to improving.

## Penetration Testing Toolbox

This repository contains a collection of Python scripts for penetration testing purposes. Each script is designed to perform specific tasks related to penetration testing, such as scanning, enumeration, exploiting vulnerabilities, and conducting forensic analysis.

## Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Scripts](#scripts)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## Installation

To use the scripts in this repository, follow these steps:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/Securella/pentest_scripts/
cd pentest_scripts
# Install any dependencies required by individual scripts.
```

## Usage

Each script in the repository has its own usage instructions. Refer to the individual script sections below for details on how to use them.

## Scripts

### Port Scanner

**Description:** Script for scanning open ports on a target URL or IP. 

**Usage:**

```bash
# Install dependencies required:
pip install pyfiglet
python port_scanner.py
```
Pay attention! Only predefined common ports are used. If you want to scan more, change the line with ports to ```ports = range(1, 65535) ``` but it will take much longer time!

### Subdomain Enumeration

**Description:** Script that uses a list of potential subdomains and prepends them to the domain name provided via command-line argument. The script then tries to connect to the subdomains and assumes the ones that accept the connection exist.

**Usage:**

```bash
# Install dependencies required:
pip install requests
pip install tabulate
# Use any wordlist of your choice or a given one in this repo: wordlist2.txt(source: https:/tryhackme.com)
# Troubleshooting import issue on a Mac:
/opt/homebrew/bin/python3 -m pip install requests
```

### Directory Enumeration

**Description:** Script that performs directory enumeration on a target website by checking a list of directories using a wordlist. Concurrent threading is used which rotates through different User-Agent strings to mimic traffic from various web browsers. The script will print valid directories if found.

**Usage:**

```bash
# Install dependencies required:
pip install requests fake_useragent
# Run the script with the following command:
python3 directory_enumeration.py <url> <path_to_wordlist> <method>
# Methods can be: GET HEAD POST PUT DELETE
```

### File Downloader

**Description:** This script allows you to download files from any given URL. 

It utilizes the `requests` library to send HTTP GET requests and retrieve the content from the provided URL. 

The downloaded file is saved to the current directory.

**Usage:**

```bash
# Run the script with the following command:
python file_downloader.py <url>
```

### Network Scanner

**Description:** Script for scanning devices on a network.

**Usage:**

```bash
# Install dependencies required:
pip install requests
pip install
pip scapy
pip netifaces
# Run the script with the following command:
python network_scanning.py <interface> <ip_range>
```

### Hash Cracker

**Description:** This script cracks hashed data using hash algorithms. Use a wordlist file containing potential passwords of your choice.

Supported Hash Algorithms: MD5, SHA256, SHA512

**Usage:**

```bash
# Run the script with the following command:
python hash_cracker.py <wordlist_file> <hash_to_crack> <hash_algorithm>
```

### Keylogger

**Description:** This script captures keystrokes until the ENTER key is pressed and saves them to a file keylog.txt.

**Usage:**

```bash
# Install dependencies required:
pip install keyboard

# Run the script with the following command:
python keylogger.py
```

### Latest CVEs Fetch

**Description:** This script fetches Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures (CVEs) by a provided keyword. 

It uses API (https://cve.circl.lu/). 
If CVEs matching the keyword are found, it prints out their IDs and descriptions. 

If no matches are found, it displays the latest CVEs published.

**Usage:**

```bash
# Run the script with the following command:
python cve_search.py <keyword>
```

**Example Usage**
```bash
# Search for CVEs connected to the keyword "NFC"
python cve_search.py NFC
```

### Report Generator from Burp, Nessus, OpenVAS

**Description:** This script aggregates vulnerability data from Burp Suite, Nessus, and OpenVAS, and outputs everything into a single report. 

Attention! The script requires standardized format of the vulnerability data before generating the final report.
Check out example files: burp_example.json, nessus_example.json, openvas_example.json.

**Usage:**

```bash
# Run the script with the following command:
python report_generator.py <nessus.json> <openvas.json> <burp.json>
```

**Example Usage**
```bash
# run script with the provided example files in this repository
python3 report_generator.py nessus_example.json openvas_example.json burp_example.json
```

### Vulnerability Scanner

**Description:** Integration with Nmap for vulnerability scanning.

**Usage:**

```bash
python vulnerability_scanner.py <target_ip>
```

### Exploit Framework

**Description:** Framework with modules for various types of exploits.

**Usage:**

```bash
python exploit_framework.py
```

... (continue with descriptions for other scripts)

## Python Packages Used

The following Python packages were used in the scripts:

- `requests`: Used for sending HTTP requests to download files from URLs.
- `pyfiglet`: Used for generating ASCII art text.
- `tabulate`: Used for pretty-printing tabular data.
- `fake_useragent`: Used for generating random User-Agent strings in the directory enumeration script.
- `scapy`: Used for network scanning in the network scanner script.
- `netifaces`: Used for retrieving network interface information in the network scanner script.
- `hashlib`: library for hash algorithms.

## Contributing

Contributions to this project are not available at this point since it is an individual toolbox. However, if you have ideas for extra scripts or improvements to existing ones, feel free to open an issue or submit a pull request.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the LICENSE file for details.
